How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
- Interpretting user needs is easiest done by looking at the program they want made in their shoes. Look at it from a user prospective when designing the program, what would you want to be able to do within the realms of the user's use of the program. Creating user stories
helps put the prospective on paper, and helps ideas come in that looks at the user's wishes at every angle. Being able to process on paper what is desired as a user.

How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
- Currently my process of designing programs are flawed, I typically have an idea and do not write down or draw out and design wishes or what I would necessarily need to create the program successfully. I just dive in and design the program after some thought into how I want to go about it.
It has worked up until now, but it was very flawed for this course and the CS-230 course I was subsequently enrolled in. With that, I enjoyed the idea of a kanban board and utilizing a number ranking system like "planning poker" from the Agile design process to helping me
figure out what I would necessarily need for my future projects. Having personal kanban boards through Azure Boards will be my next step to try to evolve as a program designer.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
- Being a good team member first starts at you and your work, ensuring you are maintaining the level of standard brought upon for you and making sure your work is done efficiently and effectively. After ensuring that is done, then entrusting helps from your other team members while also
extending the helping hand to your team members builds that trust and helps prosper a healthy working environment for your whole team. A true essence of a successful team is efficiency, commraderie and acceptance. If you are efficient in your tasks and help your team be efficent in their tasks,
while having good professional relations and accepting your team members for their skills and deficiencies, you will be the best team member and have the best team.
